# MyRealm

A NodeJS server for hosting multi-user VR *Realms*. 

## Getting Started

This project has a number of goals.
For those hosting servers the goals are to allow (out of the box) the ability to...
* Host one or more VR "Realms" off a single server.
* Customize how each Realm looks using templates that can be used across each hosted Realm
* Customize how "Visitors" look when visiting Realms
* Expand the capabilities of the server with modules that can add to or enhance the features of hosted Realms.


For those visiting a Realm they will be able to...
* See multiple "Visitors" in the same space without requiring these visitors to have a login.
* Experience these Realms using any current VR capable equipment (Daydream, Oculus, Vive, etc), or simple desktop.
* Move between Realms while retaining most, if not all, of their currect self configurations.

It is also the goal of this project to keep resource-heavy dependencies as close to a minimum as possible. For instance, since
the core idea is that each Visitor does *not* require a log-in, there is no need for perminant data storage. As such, [Redis](https://redis.io/)
should be more than capable of handling any data required by Visitors during their stay.

If this sounds fun and exciting to you...
Please read the Installation instructions below for information on how to get started!

### Prerequisites

MyRealm has the following external dependency

* [Redis](https://redis.io/) (v 3.2.8 or later)

MyRealm has the following NodeJS dependencies...

* aframe (v 0.6.1)
* three (v 0.87.1)
* bluebird  (v 3.5.0)
* cluster (v 0.7.7)
* uws (v 8.14.1)
* debug (v 3.0.1)
* hbs (v 4.0.1)
* express (v 4.15.4)
* ioredis (v 3.1.4)
* jsonwebtoken (v 7.4.3)
* crypto-js (v3.1.9-1)
* moment (v 2.17.1)
* shortid (v 2.2.8)
* tv4 (v 1.3.0)

These can be installed by running the following within the repository directory...
```
npm install
```

### Installing

Before anything, you will need to have a [Redis](https://redis.io/) server running, either locally, or use a hosted one if you prefer.
The MyRealm ***server.config.json*** file is already configured for a default connection to a [Redis](https://redis.io/) server running on
localhost. These options can be changed.
*NOTE:* Currently, connecting to a passworded [Redis](https://redis.io/) has not been implemented. Will be updated soon.


With [Redis](https://redis.io/) up and running, clone the MyRealm repository...

```
git clone git@github.com:ObsidianBlk/myrealm.git
```

Then you'll need to go into the repository path and create a ***www*** directory, install NodeJS dependencies, including development dependencies,
then build the client bundles served to the users...

```
cd myrealm
mkdir www
npm install
npm install-dev
npm run build
```

At this point, you should be ready to run the server and play around with it simply by running...

```
node .
```

If you want to read all of the messages generated by the server you can do so with...
```
DEBUG=myrealm:* node .
```

## Running the tests

Currently, tests are still under heavy development, but those that do exist can be run by typing...

```
npm test
```

## Deployment

The server is still in early alpha and is not considered safe or secure enough for any critical deployment. As such no official method
of production deployment is available. If you feel up to the challenge, then by all means give it a try and let me know how that goes!


## Contributing

Please read *CONTRIBUTING.md* for details on my code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to me.


## Authors

* **Bryan 'ObsidianBlk' Miller** - *Initial work* - [Check out the rest of my... randomness](https://github.com/ObsidianBlk)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Just want to shout out to all of the wonderful developers of [A-Frame](https://aframe.io/) and all of those brilliant minds that are creating such wonderful projects!

